**PROJECT DESCRIPTION** <br>
Our project is to create an event management software for Vanderbilt's Wilderness Skills club. Among other things, the app must allow for admins to create trip events and users to sign up for these events. The code in our server package (signups.js, trips.js, users.js) provides API endpoints to interact with our signups, trips, and users tables. Our frontend code (useFetch.js, Create.jsx, and EventDetails.jsx) use these API endpoints to achieve the functionalities described above. <br> <br>


**TESTING DESCRIPTIONS** <br>
Most of our testing thus far has been done by launching the website (using the command "npm start"), the middleware (using "node index.js"), and the backend (on our local machines), and ensuring that all three function the way they are supposed to. To ensure that API calls are working as expected, there are regular console.log calls throughout useFetch.js, Create.jsx, and EventDetails.jsx. <br>
The tests in Create.test.jsx and EventDetails.test.jsx test the code in Create.jsx and EventDetails.jsx; Create.jsx is used to create a trip event, EventDetails.jsx is used to display the details for a trip and provide a form for a user to sign up. These tests are used to check the text displayed on each component, the presence of important buttons on each component, and the responsiveness of the various types of input fields (text, date, option) for each component. The tests can normally be run using the command "npm run test", but that requires the infrastructure of the assignment (including dependencies) to all be in place. 